Habit Tracker

Problem statement
Create a habit tracker app, where we can define habits and track them. Create a fullstack app with Nodejs and Ejs

Instructions
You are ALLOWED to style the app any way you like, you can use any CSS framework if you want.
You are ALLOWED to google and read how to approach the problem.
DO NOT copy and paste code from the internet.
DO NOT cheat with other students. REMEMBER: These tests are for YOU so that you can learn something new. Cheating won’t help. It’s better to not submit the solution than to cheat and submit. PS: There will be a plagiarism check and when found cheating, you won’t be allowed to give future tests.
Once you have finished with the test, make a video recording your computer screen (via phone or a software like OBS/screencastify etc) and explaining how you have approached the problem IN CODE and showing ALL THE FEATURES OF the final product. The video can be UPTO 5 mins long. Please don’t record videos longer than that.
Upload the code on github as well, you might not host it SO MAKE SURE VIDEO IS PERFECT (you MIGHT need to host it somewhere I will share the steps if hosting would be required).
Once you have recorded the video, upload it on youtube (unlisted or whatever).


Features (No need for extra features, just make the listed features)
Add multiple habits to track like reading a book, going to the gym etc
Track each habit everyday. These are the 3 statuses of a habit:
Done - Mark the habit as done for a day
Not done - Mark the habit as not done for a day
None - User did not take any action on a habit for a day
A view to show all current habits. Here give an add button where you can add a new habit to track. The image is just an example, you can structure/design however you want, showing the counts etc is not mandatory


A view to display 7 days of each habit
Show today where user can mark todays habit
And show the previous 6 days and the status of that habit for each day
A user can toggle between the three (above mentioned) statuses of a habit i.e. I can change today’s status as done, not done or none anytime.
Also I should be able to change any of the previous days status i.e. I can change the status of a habit for yesterday, day before yesterday or any previous 6 days as well
The image is just an example, you can structure/design however you want (it shows all the 3 mentioned statuses)



You can create one default user and attach habits to that user (not a necessity, but a plus point). No need for authentication.
Store the data in a DB.
[BONUS FEATURE (Not mandatory for the test)]: You can keep track of the longest streak and the number of days the user completed that habit since the user created the habit (like in the detail view above the user did 38 workouts from 82 days).
You can take inspiration from habit trackers just google them


Points on which the project will be judged
All functionalities mentioned above
VIDEO: Since this project may not be hosted, the video has to be perfect show casing each functionality with proper audio etc.
Github
Readme.md file ( a good readme should contain folder structure, how to start a project etc)
Code and Structure
Comments
Structuring of files and folder
Indentation
Variables and functions naming
Design
Creativity

